current tasks:
  assigning stuff to people (package + email too)
  - upload completed work (by maintainer)
  - what has been returned, what hasn't
  - ability to send work to people
  - let maintainer add people manually
  priorities (directory/file order)
  process (administrators/translators/reviewers)
  locking
  allow search to display only items related to search (no context)
  add ability to email bug report

requirements for translatathon:
  relate assignments to rights (people can only translate what they're assigned)
   - both translation and review
  attribution (based on login)
    ? where to put it
    - last translator
    - comment with everyone at top of po file
    - comment in suggestion
  translation review cycle
    - comment to explain rejection

other:
  add ability to mark/unmark things as fuzzy
  move the sidebar to be like distributed proofreaders (at the top, small)
  test with apache multiprocess
  store a history file
  maybe have a separate file to track who translated each string
  display results of checks for each string on submission
  handle project versions
  have clickable characters to add for a language (mostly useful for diacritics)
  a reviewer can mark a string as fuzzy but not provide a translation (in
    order to browse and fixup things like af KDE.
  integrate with KBabel/POEdit
  show KDE comment (_:...\n)
  create .qm (compiled Qt .ts files).  See lrelease which is GPL'd for Qt .qm files
  create XPI files automatically when updates are made
  Add X-Poedit style tags in the header when you download so that people using
    this PO editor don't have to configure everything
  stats:
    percentage change.  So you can see if a language/project is active or not.
  if there is only one .PO file for a project then merge the header bar and the
    PO file bar to make it less clutered and more logical.
  goto a specific message.  Maybe a better thing to have a bar graph showing
    what bits aren't translated and jump straight to that.
  localisation: create a fallback mechanism so you can set a number of
    languages: Bambara, French then default to English.
  three column translation: English, Other language, Destination Language.  So
    that a French speaker can translate into Bambarra with little English

bugs:
  currently project codes cannot have a dash "-" in them eg kde-i18n.  Either
    we should allow or warn when starting pootle. (check, should be fixed)
  items inside the current group should have "group=" in link so clicking "remove" on assignment doesn't jump out of group

assignment:
  create user groups, assign to a group

feedback from Durban translatathon:
  regenerate Pootle PO files on web
  autocreate POT files when packaging
  automatic tips for things like accelerators
  tutorial PO file

new:
  add more management of pot files
    - rights
    - uploading, updating from CVS etc
    ? able to have multiple pot repositories
  new rights model:
    maintainer of a whole project (all languages)
    global goals for all languages
    admins for a whole language - accept translators etc
    let people "take" a file (self-assign) if not being managed
  let setting up project be totally automatic...

suggestions from list:
  search and replace across a whole file
  translator comments / tagging of strings
  translation of language names (do the whole iso codes list)
  drop-down list for languages (improve selection)
  simple way to see the plural definition for a language
  validate plurals against KBabel/msginit entries

