Milestone

Editor
    1. Simple Editor: (Expected Release Date: 31/08/06)
        . Open      -- Done
        . Save      -- Done
        . Save As       -- done
        . Cut in Target/ Comment/ Overview          --done
        . Paste in Target/ Comment/ Overview        --done
        . Find (where to find: source, target, and comment; option: Case sensitive, From current position, Only whole words, find backwords, high light)
        . Replace (where to find: source, target, and comment; option: Case sensitive, From current position, Only whole words, find backwords, high light, ask before replacing)
        . Filter (fuzzy, translated, untranslated, approved)        -- 100%
        . Status        -- done
        . Comment (work with po/poxliff file)       -- Done
        . Toggole Fuzzy         -- Done
        . Navigation        -- Done
        . Support XLIFF and Po      -- Done
        . Open Recent File      
        . Close File            
        . Copy Source 2 target          -- Done
        . Open in new window.  -- Done
        . Application Icon          --Done 
        . Run it on Window  --
        . Create a first release --Done
        . Linux installer
        
    2. Second Editor (Expected Release Date: 30/09/06)
        . User Interface Profile
        . Translator Info
            . Name
            . Email
            . History of phase in the whole file
            . History of phase which worked on the TU.
        . Visual representation of translation progress in whole document (scrollbar)
        . Translation Memory
            . Possilble to import/export tbx file
            . Use SQL-Lite file as backend
            . Automatic Lookup the source
            . Automatic Save the target
            . save translation to memory
            . get translation from memory
            . display translation to view
             
    3. Third Editor (Expected Release Date: 31/10/06)
        . Support more file format
        . Save as XLIFF or convert back to original format
        . External Backend for TM
        . Merging TM
        . Condense tag and mark color on it
        . Auto save file
        . Colorize tags, argument, variable
        . Set color on the background of source or target
        . Use custom font for source or target.
        . Bookmark one TU
        . When selecting source word, a glossary should show at right side.
        . Tag should not be modified (when inserted to msgstr)
        . Auto completion for word already written.
        . Show control/invisible characters (space/tab/zwsp/zwnj..)
        . 
        . 
        
    4. Forth Editor (Expected Release Date: 31/11/06)
        	TRANSLATION QUALITY
                . Assure translation accuracy: 
                . underline misspell word
                . External spell check (interface to existing spell checker)
                . check the number of tags, tag name...
                . check the number of arguments, argument name
                . check leading/trailing spaces analysis
                . check translation against Glossary
                . Provide a plugin interface for custom translation quality check 
                
            PRINT
                . Source and Target Language
                . Print preview

            BACKUP
                . Translation database
                . Create backup file

New Application: (Expected Release Date: 31/12/06)
    1. Catalog Manager
        . Create new project
        . Batch conversion to XLIFF format 
        . Batch conversion to original format
        . File status (translated info, untranslated info, fuzzy info, Total message, status of translation (symbols identify), Last translator info
        . Show SVN/CVS status, Last revision info
        . Normal text search/replace in multiple files
        . More advanced in multiple files(search in TU, Alt tran, Note..)
        . FTP: upload and download management
        . Email with compressed file attached
